it is said here
doc west spezia alessandria 1 1 author d first-time owner replied
lazarus in the second half
let's go and see if not only tools
park area necessary for luca sìsì here we are with me
alessia not required call back national
good player
asked for nothing makes me jump out of bones
no 60 minutes pretty good
we have not been able to exploit the end of the year - ar
also 19
beautiful & lt 3
sorry because we had a fight with a climate we didn't get the chance
to close the VAT number
minimum needed
here all the money types missed some salento sea
mind
I did a race ordered a race with clear ideas
who is it that made a good tomato district competition a part.
send them over
riccione cases angeles
the good of the gospel renoir 125 91
among whom the most suitable person for others deserve
wait for some names at the three points on the terrain of Christianity and this where
the price of wheat
how to do for the sunset.
text and video of the match boys
maroczik head teri hatcher
final training I believe
more than deserved beyond the team result with so many difficulties
cried when I passed well I think the character
prove that this team here is me, our public mouse is an audience
warm character
and therefore as a consequence we must necessarily do these services what it can
also lose but I think that playing a game from the twentieth inna ten 10 e
with at risk
expulsions constantly short na was not easy here is what they are
especially liked we saw very angry
smn msn a bust with which his players
mony hello movies. the second part of the first half but because practically
having
an exhibition
those characteristic of going to press them at that moment - from Sunday
we must slightly retreat we must defend ourselves a little lower
to then restart otherwise we see the side to everyone to their opponents
front were brad pitt in this nervousness
I do not see nervousness I think of you están drum
I went out with
I think a fracture
honestly, to take a single ammunition you can see what it is
success as a last man cocomazzi ce
a little regret
However
I think that as we are the break-in also the referee does not update the throw
on this
on this joke and therefore there is that there may be an evaluation not me
allow me to say that I am mistaken, but hastened, and therefore surely there
game could take another mini fold like sodium at first sight
panathinaikos
5 we must accept the verdict of the camp
thank you thanks for flying and eni
and paolo eh si noi
together
to our or director antonella rossi we can propose
at the site of the match because there were some moments of blackout or
unfortunately I do not vt
to our problems but problems
different tits tv at least of sabotage however we go to see
this glaring duck
d aprea that delivers the goal from the one h0
el-ghor at the opening this
and I actually heard a little bit of arbitration for a little arbitration
how alternating current has maybe
let it run too much on the 2 game it has it hard while it has sanctioned in a manner
so
very stiff some interventions so stubborn of here it is meanwhile
the love the glaring error of aprea that
daimler go ahead for the alcohol of the Arctic
captain of mass 1 spice which then remains in ten men for expulsion
I begin to get a little hasty looking for pencils from the twentieth of
recovery we go to the second half
because the second time, as pointed out, to pass them the Alexandra had a big one
opportunity
to go on 2 to 0 and most likely to close the game
and then instead on the reversal in front it arrived
the spice of the spice of the spice this is the conclusion
of martini 1 spice that has always believed us dragged by corrado colombo
who has always believed in a true balance
a force india incessant that of the show when you buscaroli
martini slips has the ball for
the 2 to 0 but fails hahaha destroyed on the flip of front
then there will be the goal of the spice kone really made with a feat of
lazarus is an alexandria, however, if it is seen above all with Arctic
and here attention because we are going to see just the action
colombo backwards for fadoi me the other ball is a bit the prelude to the goal
choral action
on the part of the spice look at this which controls it well
and you can very well really turn a great goal this race bomber and the hill
of the draw the goals of 1 water 1
here it is, let's see nunzio lazzaro
the defender here of the alexandria which, however, is not enclosed well and that is to say
the number of the 3
nerone roma was very good
really beautiful and then on the Alps of the game this shot of marchesetti
with aprea exit
we are we see the orders leave a final comment to mario facco
before giving the line this to the final whistle if you do sandra 1
a ball game dddd few chances opportunities I have to spit
tuner from the sand exploited for new
porter of the spezia and decided given no tarsus protection
game certainly beginning early in the season the two teams will be able to stay
boh can give more I liked both the attacks 2 that can t
de alessandri 200 campers
however I have to spice living team that throws some very generous mind
what will have to improve from delirium but all in all I think you can tell me that
the right result so we thank olu campisi camper hair il
contribution to the sideline our mario facco we thank our director
antonella allons-y
remember the score of this league postponement
pro
spice round
1 alexandra